Edit Quantsim pages. (#3774)
quic/aimet: Docs/quantsim/blockwise.rst

            tensor shape: (16, 64, 3, 3)
            QuantizeDequantize shape: (16, 4, 1, 1)
            block_size: (1, 16, 3, 3)

            # Valid combination (note that though tensor shape is 3d, only the final 2 dimensions correspond to block_size
            # and QuantizeDequantize shape):
            tensor shape: (2, 4, 10)
            QuantizeDequantize shape: (2, 2)
            block_size: (2, 5)

            # Valid combination:
            tensor shape: (2, 4, 10)
            QuantizeDequantize shape: (2, 2)
            block_size: (-1, -1)    # block_size will be inferred to be (2, 5)

    .. tab-item:: TensorFlow
        :sync: tf

        Not supported.

    .. tab-item:: ONNX
        :sync: onnx

        Not supported

To allow for experimentation, the `QuantizeDequantize` object supports arbitrary block sizes. However, the Qualcomm runtime imposes the following restrictions:

* Blockwise quantization runs on weight (not activation) quantizers only.
* Block size must be set to one for the output channel dimension.
* Block size may take an arbitrary value for the input channel dimension (it must still divide evenly into the input channel tensor shape).

> *  Block size must be equal to the tensor size for all other dimensions.

Author: Equal to, not a factor of? Doesn't this contradict the explanation and examples above?

                                                                             bitwidth=4,
                                                                             symmetric=True,
                                                                             block_size=(1, 4))  # (-1, -1) works too

    .. tab-item:: TensorFlow
        :sync: tf

        Not supported.

    .. tab-item:: ONNX
        :sync: onnx

        Not supported.

Low power blockwise quantization
================================

|qnn| supports an alternative to blockwise quantization called Low Power Blockwise Quantization (LPBQ).

In LPBQ, blockwise encodings at a lower bit width are adjusted such that they lie on a common higher-bit-width per-channel grid. This enables models to run on existing per channel kernels and still benefit from blockwise quantization. 

LPBQ encodings require less storage than blockwise quantization encodings because only the low bit-width integer scale expansion factors need to be stored per-block (the floating point encoding scales are stored per-channel).

LPBQ quantization is part of the :class:`aimet_torch.quantization.affine.GroupedBlockQuantizeDequantize` class.

> Besides the  `block_size` argument described in the  blockwise Quantization section, LPBQ requires two additional arguments:

Author: ```suggestion
 Besides the  `block_size` argument described in the  *Executing per-block quantization* section, LPBQ requires two additional arguments:
```
